README.md, before:

# Monaco YAML

YAML language plugin for the Monaco Editor. It provides the following features when editing YAML files:

- Code completion, based on JSON schemas or by looking at similar objects in the same file
- Hovers, based on JSON schemas
- Validation: Syntax errors and schema validation
- Formatting
- Document Symbols
- Syntax highlighting
- Automatically load remote schema files (by enabling DiagnosticsOptions.enableSchemaRequest)

Schemas can also be provided by configuration. See [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/monaco-json/blob/master/src/monaco.d.ts)
for the API that the JSON plugin offers to configure the JSON language support.

## Publish to Harness private repository

Make changes, then increase version in package.json. Then run:

```
yarn
yarn build
npm publish
```

If you don't have permission to publish, clone UIKit and run `yarn setup` in UIKit folder to setup Harness token first. The token will be shared with this repo as well.

## Installing

`yarn add monaco-yaml`
Both vs loader and ESM are supported.
See `examples` directory for esm and umd examples.

## Development

- `git clone https://github.com/pengx17/monaco-yaml`
- `cd monaco-yaml`
- `yarn`
- open `$/monaco-yaml/demo/index.html` in your favorite browser.

## Credits

- https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server

### Maintain

Manually clone dependencies list below and update the project files accordingly:

- `src/languageservice`: https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server
  - `cp yaml-language-server/src/languageservice monaco-yaml/src/languageservice`
  - Modify the import paths, go to the test page and see if it still works
- `src/yaml-ast-parser-custom-tags`: https://github.com/JPinkney/yaml-ast-parser/tree/master/src

Commit message:

fix: [ONP-257]: no license stamping output for deleted files

README.md, after:

This repo contains code used in the [Harness CD Community Edition](https://github.com/harness/harness-cd-community) which is licensed under the PolyForm Shield License 1.0.0. This repo also contains code belonging to Harness CD Enterprise Plan which is licensed under the PolyForm Free Trial License 1.0.0. You may obtain a copy of these licenses in the [licenses](./licenses/) directory at the root of this repository.

# Monaco YAML

YAML language plugin for the Monaco Editor. It provides the following features when editing YAML files:

- Code completion, based on JSON schemas or by looking at similar objects in the same file
- Hovers, based on JSON schemas
- Validation: Syntax errors and schema validation
- Formatting
- Document Symbols
- Syntax highlighting
- Automatically load remote schema files (by enabling DiagnosticsOptions.enableSchemaRequest)

Schemas can also be provided by configuration. See [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/monaco-json/blob/master/src/monaco.d.ts)
for the API that the JSON plugin offers to configure the JSON language support.

## Publish to Harness private repository

Make changes, then increase version in package.json. Then run:

```
yarn
yarn build
npm publish
```

If you don't have permission to publish, clone UIKit and run `yarn setup` in UIKit folder to setup Harness token first. The token will be shared with this repo as well.

## Installing

`yarn add monaco-yaml`
Both vs loader and ESM are supported.
See `examples` directory for esm and umd examples.

## Development

- `git clone https://github.com/pengx17/monaco-yaml`
- `cd monaco-yaml`
- `yarn`
- open `$/monaco-yaml/demo/index.html` in your favorite browser.

## Credits

- https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server

### Maintain

Manually clone dependencies list below and update the project files accordingly:

- `src/languageservice`: https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server
  - `cp yaml-language-server/src/languageservice monaco-yaml/src/languageservice`
  - Modify the import paths, go to the test page and see if it still works
- `src/yaml-ast-parser-custom-tags`: https://github.com/JPinkney/yaml-ast-parser/tree/master/src
